Who are you?
See my Mansion Town Nanwang
Wait, don't kneel down quickly
Since you are the king of the south
Then I want to know who the above person is
Then the king will tell him
It was my Great Xia 20 years
Her Royal Highness the Missing Princess
She is also the king's fiancee
Princess of Zhennan Palace
What is the eldest princess?
The village woman
She is my fiancée
I cannot die
But a mediocre general with a mediocre wife
He actually said that Mu Guiying was
The eldest son who has been missing for a long time
How is that possible?
Yeah.
How dare he cross the river to a village man?
It's you, you are questioning this palace
Don't dare, don't dare, it doesn't matter
If you have any questions, you can ask them.
The king will answer your questions
Because this king likes virtue the most
This blood dragon sword
The king named him De
Do you have any questions?
Not really. No, actually.
So you have me.
Me neither.
The minister does not take the boat
Meet the eldest princess